More operator docs (#2107)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/configuring/con-kafkaservice-by-bootstrap.adoc

// file included in the following:
//
// kroxylicious-operator/assemblies/assembly-operator-deploy-a-proxy.adoc

[id='con-configuring-kafkaservice-bootstrap-{context}']
= The proxied Kafka cluster

A proxied Kafka cluster is configured in a `KafkaService` resource.
The Kafka cluster may or may not be running in the same Kubernetes cluster as the proxy: Network connectivity is all that's required.

> This example shows a `KafkaService` declaring a Kafka cluster that can be connected to at `kafka.example.com` on port 9092.

Author: To me 'defining' could have the implication that creating the service, [as if by magic](https://youtu.be/AyS5cHO6JN0), makes a Kafka cluster appear. 

```suggestion
This example shows a `KafkaService` defining how to connect to a Kafka cluster at `kafka.example.com`.
```
